- 👋 Hi, I’m Linda Dong @LindaD1234
- Project Name 👂: Dream Fast 30MFF website
- Project Description 👀:
- Dream Fast had the intention of premiering a short film created by Linda and Aakif during their time in Com Lab. This one-and-a-half-minute film explores the intriguing theme of how a delightful dream can unexpectedly transform into a haunting nightmare. In alignment with the narrative and thematic elements of the film, the web design for Dream Fast embraces Dreamcore aesthetics.
- Process 👃:
- Dreamcore aesthetics: Dreamcore maximizes the surrealistic aspect of a dream. Its visuals commonly feature lighter tones, pastel colors, or vibrant and bright hues. Common elements include pixelated images, eyes, text box, or seeing one's own image. Corresponding to the dreamcore aesthetics, I use lavendar pink & asparagus as thetwo base color, skilscreen as the font, and an eye image as the cursor icon for the page. All the paragraphs are in white and the titles for each section are in asparagus.
- Sections: The website is divided into five sections: title page, press comments, watch the film, crew & cast, and BTS. For the title, I use pixelated green apple as the background, which is also related to the green apple element that appears in the film. Viewers can interact with the website by clicking on the navigation buttons. Viewers can play and pause the film once they scroll down to the Watch section. When their cursor moves to the image of the cast and crew, a text will appear. They can also click on the white dots of the BTS section to see the philosophy behind the visuals. In relation to the 30-min time limitation, I also added a countdown at the end.
- Reflection/Evaluation👄:
- In the Wireframe design, I included multiple pages such as Apply and Schedule. However, during the execution, I realized that pages like that could take away viewers' attention from the debut film. Thus, I decided to trim the multiple sections and made it more precise. For sure, the website should have more functions and be more user-friendly. For example, the function button in the BTS section is not as responsive as expected. The cursor has to stay on the dot long enough to be able to click it. Also, the timer can be designed to stay on the scroller each time when user scroll by modifying the code in the Javascript, but I don't know how to do that. Overall, I will try to learn more about coding for next assignment.
